Founded: March 22, 2010
Representative Directors : Lee, Kyu Sung (Joseph) & Kang, Young Goo (Andie) & Shin, Dong Hoon
Seoul Head Offices : Headquarters 2F, 5F, 12F~14F Sewoo Bldg., 115, Yeouigongwon-ro, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea, Branch Office 11F CCMM Bldg., 101, Yeouigongwon-ro, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea
Employees globally : 463 (as of end-Dec., 2022)
Business Lines : Collective Investment Funds, Investment and Trading, Investment Consultancy, REITs, Asset Management

<WHO WE ARE>
IGIS Asset Management ("IGIS AM") is the leading alternative asset manager in Asia Pacific, with $47.9 billion in AUM.
We are Korea's largest real estate manager and the world's second largest with respect to Asian AUM. In the age of market volatility and rapid technological advancement,
we are a trusted partner in innovating long-term value for our investors, shareholders and communities.

IGIS Asset Management is 1st in Korea for Real Estate Fund Contracts, with $15.4 billion as of December 31, 2022.
IGIS Asset Management is 2nd on IREI (Institutional Rea Estate, Inc.) 2021 ranking on Asian real estate AUM, with $33 billion as of December 31, 2023.
IGIS Asset Management is 41th on IREI 2021 ranking on global real estate AUM, with $43 billion as of December 31, 2022.
IGIS Asset Management has Total Real Estate AUM is $45.7 billion.

<AT A GLANCE>
AUM(Assets under Management) $47.9billion as of Dec. 31, 2022
Between 2021 to 2022 on a consolidated basis (US$) total asset grew 31.6% from $472.9 million to $622.6 million, operating revenue grew 28.3% from $222.8 million to $285.8 million, operating income grew 34.7% from $99.3 million to $133.7 million, net income grew 27.1% from $75.8 million to $96.3 million, capital grew 19.0% from $267.6 million to $318.6 million.
ROE(Return on Equity) growth is 34.7%.

<History from 2010 to 2022>
At 2010 Founded as PS Asset Management.
At 2011 Acquired the first prime office investment - Pinnacle Gangnam, Seoul, South Korea.
At 2012 Re-branded as IGIS Asset Management. Achieved fundraising milestone of 1 trillion won ($774 million). Acquired the first overseas investment(One Wood St. Building, London, UK).
At 2013 Relocated headquarters to Sewoo Building, Yeouido. First fund (underlying asset: Podo Mall) liquidated, achieving an IRR of 35%.
At 2014 Acquired a portfolio of three assets in Paris, Washington D.C. and Montreal for 1 trillion won ($774M).
At 2015 Established the Overseas Department (now part of the Real Asset Department).
At 2016 Established as the largest real estate fund manager in Korea. Established the Alternative Asset Department (now part of the Infrastructure Department). Established the NPL Management Department (now part of the AI Department). Raised NPL Commingled Fund No. 1 ($297M). Raised Europe Core Commingled Fund ($223M).
At 2017 Raised four public real estate funds. Raised IGIS AM's first infrastructure-themed fund (invested in solar power). Raised Core/Core+ Commingled Fund (£196M).
At 2018 Established the Capital Market, REIT and Business Management Departments. IGIS Autoway Tower fund awarded the highest GRESB rating of 5 star. IGIS AM licensed as a REIT AMC (Asset Management Company). Raised 2 trillion won ($1.5 billion) to fund the development of large-scale office buildings including Centerfield Tower Gangnam, Seoul, South Korea.
At 2019 IGIS USA opened in New York, USA.
At 2020 Ranked as the world's third largest manager of Asian real estate for the second consecutive year (IREI). IGIS Asia opened in Singapore. Established IGIS Investment Partners.
At 2021 Issued the first ESG bond to be issued by a Korean asset manager. Established IGIS Lynn, a joint-venture("JV") with Woomi Construction. Established IGIS NEOVALUE, a JV with NEOVALUE. Launched IGIS Future Strategy. IGIS Europe opened in London, United Kingdom.
At 2022 Established ESG Committee affiliated with the board of directors. IGIS Autoway Tower fund awarded highest GRESB rating of 5 star for 5 consecutive years. Established the Infrastructure and Securities Departments. Ranked No. 2 largest real estate manager based on Asian AUM for the second consecutive year (IREI)

<Philosophy>
320 professionals across three continents providing transaction, asset and portfolio management services. Leadership comprising of industry veterans with an average of 20+ years of experience. Exceptional performance represented by a 20-fold surge in fund deposits over 10 years.
In a volatile investment environment, IGIS Asset Management implements innovative solutions to achieve the best risk-adjusted returns.

We are Korea’s Pioneer in Public residential rentals, Funds backed by logistic centers and space-sharing platforms, Data center and theme park development, Overseas industrial development.
We seek New Growth through establishing new teams. IGIS Future Strategy team plans and expedites new business opportunities and growth strategies. Space Contents Division team designs space solutions and businesses from users’ perspective. IGIS Data Lab team oversees data analytics and management for high-tech-based business solutions. Expert Group team explores ways to enhance synergy through new businesses and expansion.

We are Accelerators of Open Innovation by sponsoring startup companies. 'D.Day' is a monthly startup contest sponsored by incubation foundation D.CAMP. 'FuturePlay' is a TechUP+.

<Leadership>
Lee, Kyu Sung (Joseph) is a Representative director, Senior Managing Partner. Overseeing Business Management Department, Real Asset Department AI Department, GAM Department. Worked in Pacific Star, Midas Asset, Ascendas Korea, CBRE Korea, and Cushman & Wakefield.
Kang, Young Goo (Andie) is a Representative director, Senior Managing Partner. Overseeing Capital Market Department. Worked in National Pension Service.
Shin, Dong Hoon is a Representative director, Senior Managing Partner. Overseeing KAM Department. Worked in GE Real Estate, Korea CBRE Korea.
Cho, Kab Joo (KJ) is a Senior Managing Partner. Overseeing IGIS Future Strategy. Worked in KORAMCO REITs & Trust, and Hyundai E&C.
Jung, Sock Woo is Senior Managing Partner. Overseeing Real Asset Department and Infrastructure Department. Worked in Midas Asset, and Majesta Advisor.
Yoon, Jung Kyu (Robert) is a Senior Managing Partner. Overseeing REIT Department. Worked in Hanwha Life Insurance, Samjong KPMG, Samsung Life Insurance.
Jang, Ji Young is a Senior Managing Partner. Overseeing Securities Department. Worked in Hanwha Asset Management, National Pension Service, Korea Post, and BNK Investment Securities.

<Organization: 'real estate'>
In REAL ESTATE, we seek investments across asset classes, jurisdictions and risk profiles backed by the latest socioeconomic and demographic research.
In the portfolio, 81.3% located in Asia, 12.9% located in North America, and 5.8% located in Europe.
Real estate sector wise, 37.9% in Multi-purpose facility, 24.3% in Office, 14.3% in Residential 8.7% in Logistics, 7.3% in Retail, 3.4% in Data center, 2.4% in Hotel, and 1.7% in Others (NPLs etc.).

<Organization: 'capital markets'>
In CAPITAL MARKETS, We structure optimal asset portfolios in line with regulatory guidelines. We pursue risk-adjusted returns through selective capital deployment and efficient portfolio management.
Manages $4.5 billion pooled funds.
25.5% in 'Core / Core +' strategy, 19.6% in 'Opportunistic' strategy, 6.8% in 'Value-add' strategy, 5.9% in 'Debt' strategy, 16.2% in 'NPL' strategy, 10.4% in Infrastructure, 10.0% in Hybrid, and 5.6% in REITs.

<Organization: 'KAM and GAM'>
In KAM(Korean Asset Management), GAM(Global Asset Management), we undertake leasing, cash flow management, and operational value-add initiatives to maximize investor returns.
54 employees dedicated to domestic assets and 16 to overseas assets. Real estate, finance & accounting and architecture specialists contribute their expertise in managing the development, leasing, financial structuring and sale of assets. Branches in North America, Europe, and Asia work with local managers to ensure optimal and effective asset management.

<Organization: 'REITs'>
In REITs, We offer curated real estate investment opportunities to retail investors. We provide real estate investment solutions for retail investors seeking to augment their wealth and secure steady retirement income.
There are two product: 'IGIS Value+ Reits' and 'IGIS Residential Reits'.
'IGIS Value+ REITs' has $220.2 million total equity capital. It invests in prime offices and assets in other sectors with value-add potential. We source stable dividends through investing in high quality and stabilized assets and optimize profits through strategic asset investments. Listed at July 16, 2020. Underlying assets includes Taepyeongno Building, Seoul Isu Chemical Banpo Bldg., Seoul Twintree Tower, Seoul, North America Data Center portfolio and Hostway Bundang Data Center, YM Logistics Center, Gyeonggi-do.
'IGIS RESIDENCE REITs' has $197.4 million total equity capital. Together with our market-leading operating partners we are able to forecast and capitalize on residential trends in Korea and abroad, delivering stable dividends and income growth to our investors. Listed at Aug 5, 2020. Underlying assets include The Sharp Bupyeong Central City, Incheon Co-living Multi-use Facility in Hongdae, Seoul dears Myeongdong, Seoul dears Pangyo, Gyeonggi-do Spring Creek Towers, New York Illini Tower, Illinois.

<Organization: 'Alternative Investment'>
In ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT, We de-risk and optimize non-performing loans (NPLs) and distressed assets
We discover fortune even in misfortunes. We offer alternative returns through optimized investment into non-performing loans (NPLs) and distressed assets. Provide liquidity by managing the sale of distressed assets and shortening the life of bad debt.
We lessen the downside risks in NPL investment by disciplined collateral securitization, conservative acquisition pricing, and dispersed investment.
We identify opportunities in distressed assets.
We undertake robust due diligence and initiatives to stabilize and add value to these assets prior to divestment.

<Organization: 'Infrastructure'>
In INFRASTRUCTURE, We pursue long-term and stable returns in the renewable energy and infrastructure sectors
Our 25 dedicated infrastructure experts source long-term stable returns for our customers and contribute to the sustainability of our society.
Our infrastructure team was formed in 2022 to focus on differentiated ESG infrastructure strategies with expertise in solar power, wind power, waste heat, recyclables, biomass generation, fuel cell and other renewable energy sources.
Through our investments, we deliver stable long-term returns to clients and sustainable solutions for society.
To achieve our RE100 goals, we offer optimized eco-friendly business strategies to our investors.
Eco-friendly investment cases includes, 'IGIS Solar Fund No. 1~5' that invests in solar panels with $207.3 million, and 'IGIS ESG Fund No. 1' that invests in solar, wind, battery power with $193.5 million.

<Organization: 'Securities'>
In SECURITIES, We provide diversified securities platforms offering the best investment opportunities
Products include 'Multi-Income No. 1 Fund', 'Kosdaq Venture No. 1', 'Public Offering No. 1 Fund', 'Multi-Income No. 2 Fund', and 'Korea Multi-Asset EMP No. 1 Fund(TBD)'.
'Multi-Income No. 1 Fund' invests in bonds, listed REITs, public offerings/ dedicated to stable cash-flow assets and public offerings.
'Kosdaq Venture No. 1' invests in unlisted companies, Mezzanine securities, and public offerings / offers a mix of high-yield unlisted companies and IPOs
'Public Offering No. 1 Fund' invests in initial and secondary public offerings, reinvests in beneficiary securities / invests in public offerings based on book-building results
'Multi-Income No. 2 Fund' invests in REITs, high-dividend stocks, and ETFs/ dedicated to high- income global assets.
'Korea Multi-Asset EMP No. 1 Fund(TBD)'. to invest in global stocks, bonds, commodities, foreign exchange, real estate- backed ETFs / for asset distribution and growth momentum strategy



